Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Encapsulation` affects your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Victoria - Encapsulation is really helpful for keeping information safe (depending what the program is being used for) and make it safer for programmers and the public to store information. I struggled on understadning Java syntax and its methods, I think my main struggle is remembering everything. I attented TA Hrs (02/23, 7-9pm) and Ab's office hours (02/24, 1:30-3pm) to help me understand how to use some Java mehotds and apply them in the Train class. I would advise other studetns to start early and small, do one class and debug then do another and repeat, and definetly go to TA and/or office hours when you're feeling stuck!

Chiashi Yang - Encapsulation definitely makes programming more secure. Because we are classifying attributes as private, other people who can access the code won’t be able to modify the attributes. I found the private/public part to be confusing at first, especially with how we are supposed to access the attributes from another class. However, after clarification from Ab, I better understood how the accessors worked and how they can be used in other classes. For instance, in the train class, we have to use the accessor for seats remaining in order to find out the number of seats left across all cars. What worked for our group were the first three classes (engine, car, and passenger). We found those classes easier to implement compared to the train class. Initially, the train class did not work for us. We were confused about how to use the accessors in this class, so it took us a while to figure out how to. Eventually, we were able to figure it out. I would advise people who are taking this course to start on this assignment early and use your resources such as TA hours and office hours. They help immensely! 

Kiara Sunil Singh - I found that encapsulatioin was very helpful because it structured the program efficiently and made it more secure. Initially, I was confused regarding how to determine whether a member in the class should be public or private, but after practicing through the assignment I am now able to make a clearer distinction. For our group, we were able to code the Car, Engine, and Passenger class a lot quicker than the Train class since we did not understand the train class as well as the other three. However, after attending TA hours on Sunday we were able to gain a good starting point. My advice to others would be to start early and do the assignment systematically to ensure that there are no errors within the code. I would also advise them to go to TA hours or collaborate with other students whenever they are stuck since it helps to look for a solution through a different perspective.